# Industrial-Automation-Technique-Using-Deep-Learning

##ABSTRACT     
YOLO stands  for 'You only look once', is an object detection algorithm that divides images into a grid system. Each cell in the grid is responsible for detecting objects within itself. 
 
Deep learning has revolutionized some fields of technology in the past few years and is going to touch many others in the near future. One of these could be industrial automation, though traditionally a reluctant environment to adopt new technologies. We propose a novel and robust colour object detection and localization algorithm. Without a priori information about the number of objects, our method can detect all the objects with similar colour features in the template. An SIFT and key points matching algorithm is used to find the object candidate regions. The weighted histogram intersection is used to verify the presence of objects. With the colour feature in the template, our method can detect and locate the objects accurately, get the number of objects, estimate their scales and orientations. Our experimental results on outdoor images obtained under different environments verify the effectiveness of our algorithm


 ##Introduction  
  A few years ago, the creation of the software and hardware image processing systems was mainly limited to the development of the user interface, which most of the programmers of each firm were engaged in. The situation has been significantly changed with the advent of the Windows operating system when the majority of the developers switched to solving the problems of image processing itself. However, this has not yet led to the cardinal progress in solving typical tasks of recognizing faces, car numbers, road signs, analyzing remote and medical images, etc. Each of these "eternal" problems is solved by trial and error by the efforts of numerous groups of engineers and scientists. As modern technical solutions turn out to be excessively expensive, the task of automating the creation of the software tools for solving intellectual problems is formulated and intensively solved abroad. In the field of image processing, the required tool kit should support the analysis and recognition of images of previously unknown content and ensure the effective development of applications by ordinary programmers. Just as the Windows toolkit supports the creation of interfaces for solving various applied problems. 
Industrial Automation Technique project is based on deep learning, this project included two parts Hardware and Software and based on image detection technique. This automation technique detects the image and as well as gathers the information and data for unique identification of object. This technique usually used in production factory like logistic supply chain companies ,FMCG, Packaging companies etc. This technique is very useful and saves a lot of time and human.

 
